Doc 1734/changelog (#631)
swan-io/docs: changelog/coming-up.mdx

    📆 On **April 30, 2026**, the deprecated `InternalCreditTransfer` value will be removed from the [`PaymentProduct`](https://api-reference.swan.io/enums/payment-product/) enum. Remove any references to this value from your transaction queries and filtering before this date.

>     📆 On **May 20, 2026**, the [Consent Notification endpoint](/topics/users/consent/guide-configure-notifications) timeout will be reduced from 3 seconds to 2 seconds. If your integration uses in-app consent notifications, make sure your endpoint responds within 2 seconds. Otherwise, Swan falls back to text message. OAuth2 flows are not affected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    📆 On **May 20, 2026**, the [Consent Notification endpoint](/topics/users/consent/guide-configure-notifications) timeout will be reduced from 3 seconds to 2 seconds. If your integration uses in-app consent notifications, make sure your endpoint responds within 2 seconds. Otherwise, Swan falls back to text message. OAuth2 flows aren't affected.
```

Author: I'll keep "are not" here. For technical carve-outs ("not affected", "not required"), the uncontracted form reads as a clearer, firmer statement than the contraction, which is why I also used "No action is required" and "This change applies to consent flows, not OAuth2 flows" in the changelog entry. Happy to revisit if you feel strongly either way.

>     📆 On **May 20, 2026**, the [Consent Notification endpoint](/topics/users/consent/guide-configure-notifications) timeout will be reduced from 3 seconds to 2 seconds. If your integration uses in-app consent notifications, make sure your endpoint responds within 2 seconds. Otherwise, Swan falls back to text message. OAuth2 flows are not affected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    📆 On **May 20, 2026**, the [consent notification endpoint](/topics/users/consent/guide-configure-notifications) timeout will be reduced from 3 seconds to 2 seconds. If your integration uses in-app consent notifications, make sure your endpoint responds within 2 seconds. Otherwise, Swan falls back to text message. OAuth2 flows are not affected.
```

>     📆 On **May 20, 2026**, the [Consent Notification endpoint](/topics/users/consent/guide-configure-notifications) timeout will be reduced from 3 seconds to 2 seconds. If your integration uses in-app consent notifications, make sure your endpoint responds within 2 seconds. Otherwise, Swan falls back to text message. OAuth2 flows are not affected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    📆 On **May 20, 2026**, the [consent notification endpoint](/topics/users/consent/guide-configure-notifications) timeout will be reduced from 3 seconds to 2 seconds. If your integration uses in-app consent notifications, make sure your endpoint responds within 2 seconds. Otherwise, Swan falls back to text message. OAuth2 flows are not affected.
```

    📆 On **May 21, 2026**, public onboarding URLs will switch to [Onboarding v2](/preview/new-onboarding/) for all new onboardings, and the v1 public onboarding interface will be retired. Action is only required if you prefill onboarding fields via the API before redirecting users.

>     📆 On **September 30, 2026**, [Onboarding API v1](/preview/new-onboarding/legacy-onboarding/) will be shut down and all v1 endpoints will no longer be available. Follow the [migration guide](/topics/onboarding/overview/guide-migrate/) to move to [Onboarding v2](/preview/new-onboarding/) before this date.

Reviewer: We don't use v1/v2 language.
